Hint about archive url and branching strategy. (#1099)
OctoPrint/plugins.octoprint.org: help/registering/index.md

        ``fetch_yt_preview`` bash script included in the repository. If you use the latter you can leave out the
        ``preview`` parameter to the include.

>       * Keep ``archive:`` URL **always pointing to latest release**. ``OctoPrint`` uses that link for initial installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Make sure the ``archive`` URL is **always pointing to the latest release**. OctoPrint uses that URL for initial installation
```
'Keep' doesn't fit with the context of creating a new registration, and there's no need for 'OctoPrint' to be monospaced.

>         of plugin from [Plugin Manager](https://github.com/foosel/OctoPrint/wiki/Plugin:-Plugin-Manager) (regardless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        of the plugin from the [Plugin Manager](https://github.com/foosel/OctoPrint/wiki/Plugin:-Plugin-Manager) (regardless
```
Also, the link added here doesn't go anywhere.

Reviewer 2: The "the"s are still missing @arekm

Author: Added, thanks.

>         of version shown there). If using ``github`` and URL points to ``PROJECT/archive/master.zip`` adjust your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        of the version shown there). If you are using GitHub and the URL points to ``<project url>/archive/master.zip`` adjust your
```

I feel like this should be more generic - it does not have to be master, it could be absolutely anything you've named the branch.
